migration from #[external(v0)] to #[abi(embed_v0)] (#488)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch99-01-03-02-contract-functions.md

```rust,noplayground
{{#include ../listings/ch99-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_99_03_example_contract/src/lib.cairo:stateless_internal}}
```

### 4. [abi(per_item)] attribute

> Before cairo version 2.3.0, it was not possible to annotate specific functions inside an implementation block. This means that `constructor` or `l1_handler` functions could not be included inside a trait implementation, and needed to be annotated individually. Moreover, internal functions needed to be implemented in a different impl than public functions.

Reviewer: Can you remove this sentence?

> It is now possible to annotate function individually inside an impl, hence allowing different types of entrypoints. `#[abi(per_item)]` attribute is often used with `#[generate_trait]` attribute. In this case, impl and trait names will not be part of the ABI. Note that when using `#[abi(per_item)]` attribute, public functions need to be annotated with `#[external(v0)]` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define the entrypoint type of a function individually inside an impl using the`#[abi(per_item)]` attribute on top of your impl. It is often used with the `#[generate_trait]` attribute, as it allows you to define entrypoints without an explicit interface. In this case, the functions will not be grouped under an impl in the abi. Note that when using `#[abi(per_item)]` attribute, public functions need to be annotated with `#[external(v0)]` attribute - otherwise, they will not be exposed.
```

```rust,noplayground
{{#include ../listings/ch99-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_99_03_example_contract/src/lib.cairo:stateless_internal}}
```

### 4. [abi(per_item)] attribute

> Before cairo version 2.3.0, it was not possible to annotate specific functions inside an implementation block. This means that constructor or l1_handler functions could not be included inside a trait implementation, and needed to be annotated individually. Moreover, internal functions needed to be implemented in a different impl than public functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before cairo version 2.3.0, it was not possible to annotate specific functions inside an implementation block. This means that `constructor` or `l1_handler` functions could not be included inside a trait implementation, and needed to be annotated individually. Moreover, internal functions needed to be implemented in a different impl than public functions.
```

> It is now possible to annotate function individually inside an impl, hence allowing different types of entrypoints. `#[abi(per_item)]` attribute is always used with `#[generate_trait]` attribute. In this case, impl and trait name will not be part of the ABI. Note that when using `#[abi(per_item)]` attribute, public functions  need to be annotated with `#[external(v0)]` attribute.

Reviewer: > #[abi(per_item)]` attribute is always used with `#[generate_trait]` attribute.

Is that the case? I think you can impl an explicit trait with abi(per_item)

Author: mmmh indeed you are gith. I tried two things inside a contract : 
-using `abi(per_item)` won't work when a trait is explicitly defined as an interface. seems logic.
-using `abi(per_item)` works with a trait that is not an interface. I guess it is therefore possible to use it for a trait containing constructor, l1-handler and internal functions. This pattern doesn't seem optimized as it requires 2 traits : one for public functions exposed in the interface and another one for the rest. Using `[generate_trait]` seems better as it is straightforward, allowing a single trait to include everything and generate the correct ABI.

Reviewer: agreed - but it's *technically* possible, so we should just outline _why_ it's better.

Here is a short example:

```rust

> #[abi(per_item)]

Reviewer: can you create a Scarb package inside `listings/ch99-...`, add this code, and reference it in the markdown like it's done for other snippets?

Author: @enitrat  i just did it. But now when i try to git add , i'm having this error : 

```
tristan@Tristans-MacBook-Pro cairo-book.github.io % git add .
error: 'listings/ch99-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_99_14_abi_per_item_attribute/' does not have a commit checked out
fatal: adding files failed
```

any idea how i can fix this ? thank you.

Reviewer: > @enitrat  i just did it. But now when i try to git add , i'm having this error : 
> 
> ```
> tristan@Tristans-MacBook-Pro cairo-book.github.io % git add .
> error: 'listings/ch99-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_99_14_abi_per_item_attribute/' does not have a commit checked out
> fatal: adding files failed
> ```
> 
> any idea how i can fix this ? thank you.

Make sure that the newly created folder doesn't have a `.git` folder that could've been automatically created - if it has delete it

What I often end up doing is copy-paste an already existing package and just renaming it's content

Author: @enitrat  indeed, there was one. now it works, thanks !!
